Dotnet6Updates.md, before:

# C# 10 and .NET 6 Updates

## Implicit Namespaces

[Microsoft.Net.Sdk adds implicit namespaces](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/compatibility/sdk/6.0/implicit-namespaces)

## Global Using Directive

[global using directive](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/proposals/csharp-10.0/globalusingdirective)

Chapter 2, StringSample

## File-Scoped Namespace

[File-Scoped Namespace](https://github.com/dotnet/csharplang/issues/137)

Chapter 3, Math Sample

## Struct

[Parameterless struct constructor](https://github.com/dotnet/csharplang/issues/99)

See chapter 3, StructsSample

## LINQ

New LINQ methods - see [LINQ](1_CS/LINQ/Readme.md)

## Memory

Instead of using the `Marshal` class to allocate native memory, the `NativeMemory` class can be used. See the *SpanSample* in Chapter 13, "Managed and Unmanaged Memory"

Instead of using Marshal.GetLastWin32Error, Marshal.GetLastPInvokeError can be used. See the PInvokeSampleLib in Chapter 13, "Managed and Unmanaged Memory"

## Security

Sample code: **X509CertificateSample**

With .NET 6, the `Key` property of the `PublicKey` property is deprecated. The sample code is changed to use the `GetRSAPublicKey` method instead - using the `RSA` class and accessing its members.

See chapter 20, Security for updates.


## Localization

With Windows App SDK 1.0, the namespace for MRT Core changed. See [Access app resources with MRT Core](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/apps/windows-app-sdk/mrtcore/mrtcore-overview#access-app-resources-with-mrt-core) and chapter 22, Localization, sample **WinUILocalization**.

## Testing with ASP.NET Core 6 using the `WebApplication` class

See chapter 23, Tests, sample ASPNETCoreSample

The Web application project needs to give access for the unit testing project (ASPNETCoreSample.csproj):

```xml
<ItemGroup>
  <InternalsVisibleTo Include="ASPNETCoreSample.IntegrationTest"/>
</ItemGroup>

See how the `WebApplicationFactory` is now used to access the `Program` class from the ASP.NET Core project in the test project *ASPNETCoreSample.IntegrationTest*

## Blazor

See chapter 27, Blazor for changes replacing the `Startup` class with top-level statements and the new `WebApplicationBuilder` class.

Commit message:

razor pages and mvc dotnet 6 #79

Dotnet6Updates.md, after:

# C# 10 and .NET 6 Updates

## Implicit Namespaces

[Microsoft.Net.Sdk adds implicit namespaces](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/compatibility/sdk/6.0/implicit-namespaces)

## Global Using Directive

[global using directive](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/proposals/csharp-10.0/globalusingdirective)

Chapter 2, StringSample

## File-Scoped Namespace

[File-Scoped Namespace](https://github.com/dotnet/csharplang/issues/137)

Chapter 3, Math Sample

## Struct

[Parameterless struct constructor](https://github.com/dotnet/csharplang/issues/99)

See chapter 3, StructsSample

## LINQ

New LINQ methods - see [LINQ](1_CS/LINQ/Readme.md)

## Memory

Instead of using the `Marshal` class to allocate native memory, the `NativeMemory` class can be used. See the *SpanSample* in Chapter 13, "Managed and Unmanaged Memory"

Instead of using Marshal.GetLastWin32Error, Marshal.GetLastPInvokeError can be used. See the PInvokeSampleLib in Chapter 13, "Managed and Unmanaged Memory"

## Security

Sample code: **X509CertificateSample**

With .NET 6, the `Key` property of the `PublicKey` property is deprecated. The sample code is changed to use the `GetRSAPublicKey` method instead - using the `RSA` class and accessing its members.

See chapter 20, Security for updates.


## Localization

With Windows App SDK 1.0, the namespace for MRT Core changed. See [Access app resources with MRT Core](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/apps/windows-app-sdk/mrtcore/mrtcore-overview#access-app-resources-with-mrt-core) and chapter 22, Localization, sample **WinUILocalization**.

## Testing with ASP.NET Core 6 using the `WebApplication` class

See chapter 23, Tests, sample ASPNETCoreSample

The Web application project needs to give access for the unit testing project (ASPNETCoreSample.csproj):

```xml
<ItemGroup>
  <InternalsVisibleTo Include="ASPNETCoreSample.IntegrationTest"/>
</ItemGroup>

See how the `WebApplicationFactory` is now used to access the `Program` class from the ASP.NET Core project in the test project *ASPNETCoreSample.IntegrationTest*

## ASP.NET Core

See the chapters 24, **ASP.NET Core"", 25 **Services**, 26 **Razor Pages and MVC**, and 27, **Blazor** for changes replacing the `Startup` class with top-level statements and the new `WebApplicationBuilder` class.
