3_Web/Services/README.md, before:

# Readme - Code Samples for Chapter 25, Services

**Services** dives into creating microservices using different technologies such as ASP.NET Core as well as using Azure Functions and gRPC for binary communication.

This chapter contains these samples:

* BooksApi (ASP.NET Core Web API and a .NET client)
* Books Data (ASP.NET Core Web API with EF Core)
* BooksApiWithB2C (ASP.NET Core Web API with Azure Active Directory B2C)
* GRPC (GRPC service and client)
* Azure Functions

## Additional Samples

* [Upgrading an ASP.NET Core Web API Project to .NET 6](https://csharp.christiannagel.com/2022/02/22/upgrading-an-asp-net-core-web-api-project-to-net-6/)

## Azure Active Directory B2C

For the sample *BooksApiWithB2C*, create an Azure Active Directory B2C tenant using your Microsoft Azure subscription.

See [Using Azure Active Directory B2C with .NET](https://csharp.christiannagel.com/2022/02/09/aadb2c/) for more information to use Azure AD B2C

## Azure Functions

To use Azure Functions with .NET 5, install the *Azure Functions Core Tools*

* [Azure Functions Core Tools](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-functions/functions-run-local)

At the time of this writing, you can't start the Azure Function with .NET 5 from Visual Studio. Instead, use the Azure Functions Core Tools. 

To create a .NET 5 Azure Functions project use:

> func init --worker-runtime dotnetIsolated

For code comments and issues please check [Professional C#'s GitHub Repository](https://github.com/ProfessionalCSharp/ProfessionalCSharp2021)

Please check my blog [csharp.christiannagel.com](https://csharp.christiannagel.com "csharp.christiannagel.com") for additional information for topics covered in the book.

Thank you!

Commit message:

minimal api and typed results

3_Web/Services/README.md, after:

# Readme - Code Samples for Chapter 25, Services

**Services** dives into creating microservices using different technologies such as ASP.NET Core as well as using Azure Functions and gRPC for binary communication.

This chapter contains these samples:

* BooksApi (ASP.NET Core Web API and a .NET client)
* Books Data (ASP.NET Core Web API with EF Core)
* BooksApiWithB2C (ASP.NET Core Web API with Azure Active Directory B2C)
* GRPC (GRPC service and client)
* Azure Functions

## Additional Samples

* [Upgrading an ASP.NET Core Web API Project to .NET 6](https://csharp.christiannagel.com/2022/02/22/upgrading-an-asp-net-core-web-api-project-to-net-6/)

## Azure Active Directory B2C

For the sample *BooksApiWithB2C*, create an Azure Active Directory B2C tenant using your Microsoft Azure subscription.

See [Using Azure Active Directory B2C with .NET](https://csharp.christiannagel.com/2022/02/09/aadb2c/) for more information to use Azure AD B2C

## Azure Functions

To use Azure Functions with .NET 5, install the *Azure Functions Core Tools*

* [Azure Functions Core Tools](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-functions/functions-run-local)

At the time of this writing, you can't start the Azure Function with .NET 5 from Visual Studio. Instead, use the Azure Functions Core Tools. 

To create a .NET 5 Azure Functions project use:

> func init --worker-runtime dotnetIsolated

## .NET 6 / .NET 7 Updates

The API sample got changes to use the *Minimal API* instead of controllers. The Minimal API is a new feature in .NET 6 that allows you to create a web API without controllers. .NET 7 adds typed results (the TypedResults class).

For code comments and issues please check [Professional C#'s GitHub Repository](https://github.com/ProfessionalCSharp/ProfessionalCSharp2021)

Please check my blog [csharp.christiannagel.com](https://csharp.christiannagel.com "csharp.christiannagel.com") for additional information for topics covered in the book.

Thank you!
